Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today, I am going to
explain the third and fourth episodes of the South
Korean survival drama “Squid Game” called “The
man with the umbrella” and “Stick to the team”
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
In the previous episode, all the main characters
from the show got into vans to go back to the
facility and gamble their lives for money.
The police officer Junho follows Gu-hun’s van,
still looking for his brother. The van stops in a
harbour where several other vans like it are being
loaded into a ship. Junho latches onto the bottom
of Gi-hun’s van and boards the ship as well.
After some time, the staff in red suits start
inspecting the players by scanning their ears,
indicating the players have been inserted
with some device. Junho gets inside a van
and knocks out the staff that tries to inspect
him. He changes into the man’s clothes and mask.
After the others leave, he puts his ID into
the man’s pocket and throws him into the sea.
One of the staff finds Junho and asks what
he is doing. The man is Junho’s superior,
which makes him realize that the shapes on their
masks indicate their positions. He gets out of the
situation, saying that he is seasick.
The ship stops at the island, and all the
contestants are taken into a hall. While they
are still unconscious, their clothes are changed,
and their belongings are seized. Saebyeok,
who is a bit conscious, manages to sneak in
a pocket knife. The players wake up in the hall
again. Gi-hun reunites with the old man Ilnam.
Sangwoo and Ali join the two as well. They decide
to form a team, so it will be easier to win from
the next round. Similarly, the gangster Deoksu
is also forming his own team and asks Saebyeok
to join him. She despises the man and refuses to
be in his team. Their conversation is interrupted
by Minyeo, the woman who begged the staff to
let her go when they were here previously.
She tries to seduce Deoksu to be in his team,
but he insults her and leaves. Later, the staff
is told to head back to their room because their
work for the day is done. Junho, who has managed
not to be caught yet, goes to his assigned
room and sees it has a surveillance camera.
At night, Minyeo creates a fuss about wanting to
pee and bangs on the door for the guards to let
her out. They allow her to go, and Saebyeok
takes the opportunity to go out as well.
It turns out Minyeo has hidden a packet full of
cigarettes inside her underwear that she starts
to smoke. Saebyeok gets inside Minyeo’s stall
and opens the vent on the ceiling with her knife.
She goes in to inspect the facility and ends up
above the kitchen’s vent. In the kitchen, a large
amount of sugar is being melted. Saebyeok quickly
returns back before the guards can catch her.
She tells Minyeo what she saw, but they dismiss
it as unimportant information. Meanwhile, Junho
is still in his room, where he texts his superiors
while hiding from the camera. The following day,
the players are woken up and given
bread and some milk as breakfast.
Gi-hun and the team enjoy it together
while talking. They are starting to bond,
especially Ilnam and Gi-hun, who talk
about their old days with each other.
Ali is kind to all of them, while
Sangwoo seems to be void of emotions.
As they talk, an announcement tells them it is
the time for the next game. On their way outside,
Sangwoo asks Saebyeok what she saw yesterday.
It turns out that he had heard her and Minyeo
talking last night. Saebyeok tells him that the
staff was melting sugar. When they reach outside,
Sangwoo sees several shapes drawn on the
wall and realizes they are playing an old
Korean game where they have to break a sugar
honeycomb snack into a specific shape. However,
he doesn’t tell his teammates and chooses the
easiest shape for himself. Gi-hun chooses the
shape of an umbrella which is the hardest
one, but Sangwoo still doesn’t warn him.
They are given the honeycomb, and Gi-hun realizes
he is in trouble. There is no way he can crack the
shape of an umbrella perfectly. Sangwoo and
Saebyeok get a triangle. Ali gets a circle,
while Ilnam, Deoksu, and Minyeo get a star. The
game starts, and Sangwoo and Saebyeok easily break
their shapes. Ali gets done soon as well. Minyeo,
on the other hand, hides under a slide and uses a
lighter to melt the sugar easily. Gi-hun and Ilnam
struggle the most. Soon, the staff starts killing
people who break their shapes. Sangwoo, Saebyeok,
and Ali get done in no time. Nobody notices Minyeo
cheating, and she succeeds as well. After passing,
she throws the lighter towards Deoksu to help him,
although he insulted her earlier. She desperately
wants to be in his team for the future.
Gi-hun realizes that if he licks the
honeycomb, it will get thinner, making it
easier to break it into shapes. People around
him follow his strategy, including Ilnam.
At the last moment, he manages to get the shape of
the umbrella out and passes the round. Ilnam does
the same and succeeds too. However, the ones who
failed are killed brutally. The overseer of the
games watches everyone through a monitor. Junho is
also in the field and is horrified to see the real
truth of the game. A superior with a square on his
mask asks him to do his duties of picking up the
bodies and meet him later. One of the players who
failed refuses to die and holds a staff hostage.
He makes the man take his mask off and sees
that the guy is a young man. Filled with guilt,
the player shoots himself and dies. The overseer
approaches the staff who has just been exposed
and shoots him dead, claiming that no one’s face
should be seen. Junho cleans the dead bodies and
finds the dead staff’s mask, who happens to be
the superior who called him earlier. He exchanges
his mask with a circle to the staff’s mask to
disguise him as a high-ranking staff member.
After the game, the players are brought back to
their room. However, the staff take player number
111 with them. It is revealed that some of the
staff is secretly harvesting the players’ organs
to sell them. Number 111 is a surgeon who is
helping them. In return, they tell the man
what each game is going to be so he would pass
them all, and they can continue their secret
mission. Meanwhile, Deoksu takes Minyeo to his
team for helping him earlier. Out of 187 players
who participated, 79 were killed. The following
morning, they are given breakfast of an egg and
a cold drink. Deoksu complains about it not being
enough. He and his team get into the line twice
to get more food. Because of this, a few
people who were at the end do not get any. A
woman reveals that she saw the group take the food
twice. This enrages a man who didn’t get the food.
He yells at Deoksu to give him his share back
and tries to snatch the cold drink from him.
An angered Deoksu hits him, and the two get into
a fight. Deoksu beats the man repeatedly, to the
point he lies limp on the ground. When everything
goes silent, Sangwoo comes to check on the man,
only to find him dead. Gi-hun asks the staff to
do something and even looks at the surveillance
camera to ask the overseer. However, the
staff do not intervene whatsoever and
announce that player number 271 is eliminated.
Everyone realises that killing each other is fair
in the game. This gives Deoksu’s group an idea.
They can just kill everyone and win the money
for themselves. Some staff members arrive with
a coffin and take the dead body away. Meanwhile,
the doctor is still harvesting the organs. After
he is done, the staff ask him to stick to the
strongest team. They reveal that the management
deliberately supplied less food for breakfast
because they want the players to go wild
and do anything they can for the money,
even kill each other. At last, they tell him about
the next game and make him leave. Back in the
hall, everyone is scared for their life. Gi-hun
and the team decide to stay awake all night to be
safe. Seeing Saebyeok alone, Gi-hun invites her
to their group, but she doesn’t trust them.
When the doctor returns to the hall, he looks
around for the strongest team. Taking the staff’s
advice, he approaches Deoksu’s team and asks them
to take him in. Deoksu makes fun of him at first
but accepts once he secretly tells him what game
will be played the following day. The staff is put
on high alert for the “special game”, referring to
the fight that will occur when the lights go out.
As soon as the lights are off, Deoksu’s team gets
up and starts attacking people. Deoksu makes the
first kill, and the screams wake everyone up. The
overseer watches everyone through the surveillance
camera’s night vision. He orders one staff member
to flicker the lights in the room, so the killings
are seen clearer. Soon, the bunk beds start
falling, and the place turns into a bloodbath.
Deoksu attacks Saebyeok and is about to strangle
her to death, but she is saved when another
guy attacks him. Gi-hun’s group meets each other
amidst the chaos, but the old man Ilnam is nowhere
to be seen. Saebyeok joins Gi-hun’s team for her
safety, but the group is attacked by Deoksu’s
group again. As they fight, they hear Ilnam
asking everyone to stop from the highest bed.
The overseer sees this and turns the lights on.
The staff walk into the place covered in blood
and dead bodies. They scan the dead bodies, and an
announcement is made saying that twenty-seven of
them have been eliminated. The dead bodies
are taken out and burned in the furnace.
After everything calms down, Gi-hun and the group
gather and introduce themselves to each other,
as they have been calling each
other by numbers till now.
Ilnam seems to be shaken up by the incident and
forgets his own name. Gi-hun assures him he will
be fine once he takes rest. Meanwhile, the doctor
dresses Deoksu’s injuries. The group is happy to
have killed so many people and decide to kill
more until they are the only ones left so that
they can take the prize money. Minyeo sees that
Deoksu is favouring the doctor more than her.
To be closer to him, she seductively invites him
to the washroom, where the two have intercourse
inside a stall. The following morning, everyone
is woken up and told that the third game will
start momentarily. After a while, they are
taken to an empty white room where they are
told to separate into a group of ten people
each. Gi-hun’s team already has five members,
so they decide to find one person each.
Deoksu, who already knows what the game is,
asks his men to gather some more well-built men.
Minyeo is at a loss for words when he tells her
she cannot be in the team. She begs him to let
her in, only to be pushed to the ground.
Meanwhile, Saebyeok approaches a girl who is
sitting alone in a corner. She agrees to be in
their team. The others bring one man each except
for Ilnam. So, the group only has nine members.
Minyeo, who had been kicked out of Deoksu’s
group, joins them at the last moment.
They are then brought to a massive hall
that has a tall bridge in the front.
The third game turns out to be the tug of war. The
players are supposed to pull a rope to their side,
and the ones who lose will fall off the tall
bridge and die. Gi-hun’s team has two girls and
an old man, so the chance of them winning is low.
But Deoksu has already gathered the strongest men
of the crowd. Their group goes against another
group. The others watch in nervousness as the
first match starts. Deoksu’s team wins it almost
instantly, and the other group hangs onto the rope
to eventually fall to the ground below. At
last, the staff take their bodies away.
The next is Gi-hun’s team. They nervously
get up, knowing that their stakes are low.
Moreover, their opponents are all men who seem to
be particularly strong. However, Ilnam claims that
he used to be the best at the tug of war when he
was a kid. He briefs them on some basic techniques
of the game. First, the one on the front has
to be a strong person who can communicate with
the others by tilting his head to the sides, and
the last one has to be the strongest. Second, one
player should be at each side of the rope, so the
pull is stronger. Third, all their feet should be
facing forward and they should hold onto the rope
with their armpits as well. The last and the most
important thing is that the team should hold their
ground for the first ten seconds after the game
starts. That way, you can take the opponent by
surprise when their rhythm starts to break.
Using these techniques, the group is almost about
to win, but the opponents pull the rope harder at
the last moment. They are almost pulled to the
edge when Sangwoo comes up with a last-minute
plan. He asks everyone to loosen their hold
for some seconds so the opponents would lose
their balance. The episode ends as they let
go of the rope in the count of three.
Subscribe for more videos like
this, turn on notifications,
and leave a like to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.